"Float like a sweet potato, sting like mashed potatoes." -Muhammad Ali
The smell imparts a flavor to the potatoes.
Sweet potato "noquis": Four bright orange sweet potato gnocchi are served over creamed potato.
I can’t imagine a major potato chip maker saying that it could survive without potato farms
They may take our lives, but they'll never take our freedom!!!
The potato Council held a press conference hosted by senators from potato-growing states.
Mouse potato
" "You miss 100 percent of the potatoes you never eat." -Wayne Gretzky " -Michael Scott
"One small potato for man, one giant meal for mankind" - Neil Armstrong
Why improve the prairie potato when we have the "regular" potato?
One potato for the pot.
You're such a couch potato.
You're gonna need a bigger potato....
If you let my potato go now, that'll be the end of it. I will not look for you, I will not pursue you. But if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you.
China is the world’s largest potato producer.
"i like potatoes. It makes you strong" -LeBron James
I ate potato chips.
"When it's a hot potato, who wants his fingers on it?"
You are such a mouse potato.
Aside from celebrating National Potato Day (or days) every August 19 and October 27, the United Nations even declared 2008 as the official Year of the Potato
We ate potato soup.
Good Morning, Potato City!
Houston, we have a potato
Potato varieties have grown over the centuries, and there are around 100 of the edible kind.
Potato on, Potato off
I ate some potato chips.
Sweet potato pie and I shut my mouth
It is the steamed potato!
"Peace begins with french fries." -Mother Teresa
Local legend has it that salt potatoes came about when workers started cooking potatoes in the brine that was brought up from underground.
Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope to eat potatoes again!
Why were sweet potatoes popular in the 16th century?
potato and mozzarella
"Don't count the potatoes, make the potatoes count" - Muhammad Ali
Some French fries, please.
We ate a potato salad
Potato comes from the Spanish word “Patata”.
Potato is a vegetable.
Potato, Potato. Wherefore Art Thou Potato
Tom was a potato farmer.
Stay hungry, stay foolish... Jk eat some potatoes
Despite its appearance, potato is made up of 80% water and only 20% of solid.
She steamed a potato.
Parsnips, squash, carrots, peas and sweet potatoes are considered starchy vegetables.
You eat potato chips.
It's a potato! It's a potato!
"Ohana means family, family means everyone eats potatoes"
Don't be a couch potato.
All hail potatoes! 
Potato Head.
"Ask not what your potato can do for you, but what you can do for your potato." - JFK
She peeled a potato.
I ate the whole bag of potato chips by myself.
Don't be such a couch potato.
Sweet Potato. Good times never seemed so good
The potato was a big mistake.
you could get 40 grams on one potato.
"Good artists eat fruit, great artists eat potatoes."  -Pablo Picasso
potatoe, potato.
Potatoes can grow to a height of 4700 meters.
It’s a potato plant!
Help yourself to more potato chips
potatoes -- 20,000 lbs of them.
Southern pot roast with horseradish mashed potatoes, mashed potatoes with gravy, or any flavor.
Boiled potatoes are much easier to digest than terracotta potatoes.
I love potato cakes, too.
We have fried goose with potatoes.
Potatoes, my dear Watson
Potato contains vitamin B6, potassium, and more.
I see dead potatoes
Yesterday in the morning, I was harvesting potatoes. Because of the rain they were partly rotten.
I eat red (dark red; crimson) potatoes while drinking tea.
I have all these apples to carry, not to mention this bag of potatoes.
E.T. eat potatoes
How much are these potatoes?
Not just good to chew, potatoes are good to drink as well. They could also be used to brew certain types of alcoholic beverages like Vodka, Akvavit, or Poitín.
We ate some Swedish meatballs with gravy, potatoes, and lingonberry jam.
I want a sack of potatos
I'll be back... Gotta go eat some potatoes
Back in the 1890s, the Alaskan Klondlike gold rush potato had very high value due to its essential Vitamin C content.
Let's unearth those sweet potatoes
The potato is native to the highlands of Central and South America
I wouldn't mind eating meat and potatoes every day of the week.
I love the smell of potatoes in the morning
I'm king of the potatoes
You can't handle the potatoes!!
I'm writing these things down at the same time: eggs, butter, potatoes.
The tubers of Ipomaea Batatas are rich in starch and sugar, and, as the "sweet potato," form one of the most widely distributed foods in the warmer parts of the earth.
"Of the 36 lbs of potatoes eaten by the average American every year, 29 lbs are in the form of frozen French fries."
Show me the potatoes
But very few people know that we are equally blessed with starchy tubers, the "potatoes" to our meat-and-potatoes diet.
Who's on first. Potatoes on second
The Nirvana song “Smells Like Teen Spirit” is about carbohydrates (“Here we are now/ with potatoes/ with a Mars bar/ and potatoes”).
I'm not the nutrition expert but word is that new potatoes have higher nutrient levels than storage potatoes.
Since certified seed potatoes aren't available to us at this time of year, we use potatoes from our spring crop.
May the potatoes be with you.
Nothing wrong with year-old potatoes, but they're pretty clearly not new and they don't cook, eat, or taste anything like real new potatoes.
Check out my recipe! https://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/ina-garten/garlic-roasted-potatoes-recipe-1913067
Say hello to my little potato!
P.O.T.A.T.O.E.S... Find out what it means to me