The smell imparts a flavor to the ravioli.
Sweet potato "noquis":Four bright orange sweet potato gnocchi are served over creamed potato.
Place small piece of potato skin inside the bottom of each larger potato shell. Fill each potato with an equal amount of cheese mixture. Gently press the surface of the filling with a fork to create texture. Brush tops with melted butter and sprinkle with paprika.
From two seed vaults in Spain—the International potato Center and the International Maize and Wheat Improvement Center—the vault accepted over 250 wild, inedible variants of potato or sweet potato.
The high salinity in the brine yielded a boiled potato far saltier and of more interesting flavor than others—the salt at that high a level penetrates all the way into to the center, so this isn't just a standard lightly salted boiled potato, and it has a texture that's a bit more akin to a baked potato, I think.
If you get friedpieces of potato, it's a finger food, unless the potato retains some circularshape, in which case use your fork.
By the early 1970s, synthetic methoxypyrazines were even being used to enhance the potato flavor of potato chips.
I can’t imagine a major potato chip maker saying that it could survive without potato farms
It's very easy to drink potato shochu now that the potato-like smell has been reduced to a low level through use of the latest biotechnology.
The potato Council held a press conference hosted by senators from potato-growing states.
Mouse potato: This play on "couch potato" didn't make it many places outside the Oxford Dictionary of New Words.  Nerkish: Another missed opportunity!
The potato’s genetic diversity also could protect the more common Solanum tuberosum from future blights, so something like the Irish potato famine doesn’t happen again.
In China, potato production doubled in the year’s immediately following Mao’s Great Leap Forward, and the country has since grown to be the world’s biggest potato producer.
Why improve the prairie potato when we have the "regular" potato?
He unscrewed a small bottle of methional oil, which has a cheesy-potato flavor, and the room’s fresh-carpet smell gave way to baked potato mixed with high-school gym.
Am I arguing that farmers around the world should replace their plots of wheat, rice, and maize with fields of cassava, potato, and sweet potato and orchards of bananas, apples, and chestnuts?
William Willett, author of a study into the negative effects of a too-potato-centric diet, claimed the “potato is a religious commodity in America” so dear is it to the nation’s self-identity.
potato a la Kate." And there's just a sad half-boiled potato on the plate with some dirt still clumped on it and a little sprig of wilted parsley beside it, and poor Will is forced to choke it down while Kate beams.
Cut 1/3 off each potato lengthwise. Scoop flesh from each potato to within about 1/8 inch of the skins. Transfer flesh to a bowl.
And, the bill would make it easier (after a lengthy lobbying campaign from the potato industry) for the white potato to make its way back onto WIC nutritional guidelines for low-income children and pregnant women. 
Combine potato flesh with butter and green onion; stir until butter is melted evenly into potato. Add salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and cheese; stir until cheese is melted. Pour cream and egg yolk into potato mixture; mix to combine. Season with salt to taste.
It happened with "artisanal mayonnaise." And beer (pumpkin or blueberry, why?), and even potato chips—why do we need "chicken and waffles" potato chips, pray tell, or for that matter, why do we need Halloween-themed, candy-corn-creme filled Oreos?
“That would be indirect evidence of having been transported because it means they’ve gone through a genetic bottleneck.” He’s testing this idea in greenhouse experiments by crossing potato plants from archaeological sites with potato plants from the Mogollon Plateau and seeing whether they produce fruit.
You can find "kale chips" -- which is like a potato chip made out of kale, and therefore nothing like a potato chip -- in many of the New York City neighborhoods where fancy people live.
“You don’t get a potato every day.” He may have been the first NBA player to be sent a potato.
And so food companies bend over backwards to give you five different kinds of beans to put in your burrito, or to offer vegan or gluten-free or low-sugar options, or to make Maui Onion-flavored potato chips (not to be confused with Oʻahu Onion potato chips, get your head in the game!).
potato chips are very high in energy density (383–574 kcal/100g) and have a low satiety index, yet they are commonly consumed as snacks.” (potatoes that aren’t cooked in oil, the authors write, are fine.) potato chips, sugar-sweetened beverages, and processed meats were also some of the foods most closely linked with weight gain in a 2011 study of 120,000 American adults.
Possibly fearing the reliance of the working classes on the potato and seeing the Irish potato Famine of the 1840s, and wanting to stay competitive in the Industrial Revolution, the French government in 1853 set minimum daily intake regulations of 100-140 grams of proteins for adults (who knew that the French got into the minimum-daily-requirement business so early?
Gamble's sale of the Pringles brand to Diamond Foods, the author noted this mystery: "Company officials still aren't sure how the chips got their name, but one theory holds that two Procter advertising employees lived on Pringle Drive in Cincinnati and the name paired well with potato." Company officials may not be sure, but I'm fairly confident that the company copped the name from noted potato-related device inventor, Mark Pringle of Amsterdam, New York.
One potato for the pot.
You're such a couch potato.
I ate potato chips.
"When it's a hot potato, who wants his fingers on it?"
You are such a mouse potato.
We ate potato soup.
I ate some potato chips.
It is the steamed potato!
potato and mozzarella;
We ate a potato salad
Tom was a potato farmer.
She steamed a potato.
You eat potato chips.
Don't be a couch potato.
She peeled a potato.
I ate the whole bag of potato chips by myself.
Don't be such a couch potato.
The potato was a big mistake.
you could get 40 grams on one potato.
potatoe, potato. 
It’s a potato plant!
Help yourself to more potato chips
